Doming, who is your hero? Who have you chosen to tell us about?
Dung Yap-pung. She's my hero because she's one of the best table tennis players in the
world and I love playing table tennis.
Tell us about her. Well, she started playing table tennis when she was five. She trained
hard so she became a great player later. And what competitions has she won?
She's won many world competitions including four gold medals in the Olympics. She stopped
playing when she was twenty-four. What did she do after that?
She began to study at Ching Hua University in Beijing and then attended university abroad.
Her English wasn't good enough when she began. Once again, she worked hard and seven years
later she completed her doctor's degree at Cambridge University. Whatever she does, she
never gives up. That's amazing. Yes. Dung says that she isn't cleverer than anyone else
but she has a very strong will. I see. Well, I think she's a good student as well as a good
player. Yes. And she helped make the Beijing Olympics a victory for world sport. She's
simply the best. She's a true hero.